there are no good kids here torete in a
new video today I come to bring you a
good video then about something about a
topic that is having a lot of buzz in
twitter on youtube and good that I am
seeing that many of the youtubers are
growths a lot of criticism and I'm going to
give my opinion about this because the
true that I think it is necessary and
I'm also excited about let's say
half opinion and it is more than anything the
answer to this bottom line because
it is ideal for what I want
comment and it's because youtubers do not
they raise call of duty more warfare I think that
the truth, I support them in that we do not
come up for the following reason ie
I really like the call of duty vale
it's a game that I find incredible in
think that you are losing more and more
from two thin as it is always
saying down congost and with this
output of more guard for which is a
little that I like a lot but I think that
leave to be desired and sometimes it 's a bit
alternative is not to say it's a bit
random the game and that really not
you can have too much control of the map
which is what I like the most
but well that's a good thing
may like more or less and others
can you taste more good so good
that's not an excuse but what I do think is that
is important for a video game is that
let's say in single quotes and
I'm going to say because if not for example that
you dedicate yourself to the competitive for example
as I go to have the same really like
be the game itself is not something that you
matter is that the maps are good that
the responses say that weapons are
balanced and that
a little more the metal in is a bit
good but you really do not need
too much for the game to be good
however for youtube what it does is
more than anything is to play public then
well then we go to the meaning of
public the first sense not me
It's good to me every time
day
It is more advanced and what it entails
that everyone wants to get good
departures this in modern warfare 3 no
it happened a lot of people obviously wanted
get good games but it's not like
now it's not like now because now
everything has progressed and the people and well
is more involved let's say and there's
so many inexperienced players by
say it in some way however as
this is reducing the only way to
meeting them is becoming
overflow busti I do not know how famous that
So much excitement has called and as you see in
the game is six against one and
this is the reason why many of
youtubers do not upload games on
problem is that you need a lot of time
to get you a game then
imagine a youtuber that goes up
minecraft climbing the 5 gta that goes up more
videos
whatever it goes up in four
video games and they have to be recording
Well, in each four days every day or
three videos or two million in general
that you have to paste five hours in
the call of duty bitter because
really when you're playing for
pull out a battery juas bitter and
another person and in another game with injuries
two hours to imagine to say that
but you play two hours having fun
it's the same thing is to say I for example
when I'm going to play each tool for
get me a DNA or things like these do not
I have fun I do not have fun because it is not
funny though in modern warfare
I played public and always good
fun did not matter if I left with
a good game or not then obviously
there were games that there were many
champions so good but that's something
Average but three hours you fun
in every two days warfare goes mostly
of the works that you hit you hit you I do not know
why I do not know if it's because of the people who
is playing if it is for the game I do not know
What I do know is that 80% of
templates passes the following one that are
very good opposites and that is a
rare game and you can not get a
good game with which it does not help in
Youtube
or else the enemies leave then
imagine you have to be let's say
counting all those things for
get a good kick today that they give
all those circumstances to get a
good quality because you really do not
have fun and if a youtube does not have fun
can not express the fun to
you mean me when I have fun
in a game it shows and people are
have fun with me when I do not have fun
it's impossible for me to really get
well you can not express for very
well 1500 you can not express happiness
when you are really sad that is in
a video can not do that no
you need to be motivated happy happy
when you are in a bad mood and
you comment a game of the people of and you
you see a bit so discouraged, it is that if
it's not very easy then if a youtube
what you need to do good youtube
you write us the vast majority do not
as well as others who are bio
of people who say news that is by
such as angel and Saras to do
news and so on then really
you do not have to be happy or there is
or nothing has to explain things to you
that there is the news and I think
I think it's a great channel but it does not have
that express that however for example
I will give an example so close to me
not the frank channel that is sometimes
having criticisms that are not of
character or diaz vas warfare and I think
that he does it well that is to say if he does not
have fun playing the call of duty all
The days can not go up all
the split days however when he
have fun as a game goes up
consumes a game in September and goes up
a pin and it goes up having fun and
well then destroying frank the
What luck you have is that for a little bit
play really is very good when
one day all the herons
also many say no that was good
boys no longer compete so much the other
day for example so that you can make a
idea was when you guajes not with your
account but with mine was we were
here in streaming and we were also
laughing for a while without more right we were
everything was left and the language was fine
so it really has a very high level
very good but did not dare, not fun
it can be four and a half hours playing
to get a game out I know what
I understand I would not play a game if I did not
I'm having fun, I can not, I can not
But if you feel like sleep
it's perfect but you can not play something
you can not criticize someone for leaving
to play a game if you no longer have fun
people say it's not because it has less
it costs me no no that's why it's a
person who has both his criteria
really that you can upload whatever you want
and they will see it then, if you raise it
because he likes it but if he does not upload it
it's because maybe it's not fun it would be
playing here dutti is as simple as that
I think you do not have to criticize that
professional or what are you going to get is
that people have never taken
tinning or get to play it does not
so good is my opinion
then you have to respect every opinion of
every person and the truth is that before
he said he was just going to play every day and
however now I am playing others
games in which I'm not climbing
youtube because you can see that I'm not
climbing but nevertheless I have a fun
lots and more than call of duty because
I'm realizing that every day
just fun sometimes is not a blip
when you're trying to get a
game for youtube not and because
obviously when you know what I am,
upload to youtube in general problem
the hedge are split now that I'm
going up league and added everything but as a rule
general are games then if you
you have to be aware of taking a
game sometimes when you do not get through
reason that is because there are times that no
you have the same other days because it's going
plus the connection for a thousand reasons or for
thousand reasons then I think that
and that really you have to do what
that you also like a youtube trace what
I tell you I insist on that you need
have fun so that people have fun
with you if you do not have fun do not upload a
video we are not a video is my advice
for at least for those who are
starting or for those for whom
you have not really been around for a long time
you can entertain anyone if not if you do not
enjoy this same
nothing this leads to suffer I hope that you
like my opinion and that you leave me
your opinions for the comments
that the truth in I learned a lot
your opinions and I respect them as
I always love that you think so
see the opinions of people not so
nothing I hope you liked this
valuation so to say a greeting and
we hope to bring a percent
favorite ladies you see a lot already you know
until next time